dear ladies and gentlemen my name is Nastya
Zadorozhny wanted to talk about
new small compact silent
vax vacuum cleaner model
max air for me as a girl is important to
do not get confused so to speak in the device
so that everything is comfortable in this case
wax magician and starts working literally with
pushing a single button
so with this beautiful vacuum cleaner
even a child can handle this particular model
vacuum cleaner of course copes with any
in petty quarrels or big quarrels it
no problem at all for this
fine vacuum cleaner so he with this
copes without effort for a few
minutes dust collector at this vacuum cleaner
very big there is no bear
it's just garbage going we push
one single button and garbage
thrown into the garbage is not enough
it is important to clarify the moment that every third
family in England is used technician
and wax specifically vacuum as a girl can
say that young people are fine
I know how much girl spends time on
then to put yourself in order and then
need not
not a small amount of time and then there
among other things cleaning is paradise
a campfire so here I have great advice to
to all the men in this room let’s how
simplified each other's task let's
buy a really good technique and
for us for girls in general is very important
save time so that it remains as
can be more for themselves and for
our loved ones so men are dear
men women do not always need a break
values ​​we need a good household
equipment therefore and equipment for cleaning
so I think that this wax layout
wonderful gift
but here I’ll actually try
to clean
that's the way really really fast
copes this beautiful
mini vacuum cleaner I think it is very
A good gift for any girl because
what is the minimum amount spent
cleaning time i'm literally
look made five movements
literally five movements and voila
carpet clean you are a beautiful model
which I personally approve and hope adobe
years all the families of our beautiful years
our beautiful country